And the final important one in here that I want to show you is the hue versus Luma.
Now, what this is going to do is it's going to go in and not change the saturation or the hue, but
it's going to change the intensity of brightness, the Lumines right.
Of a specific color.
So with our greens, if I go here, select greens bring up the intensity.
We can bring up the exposure selectively on our greens or bring it down.
Right.
So pretty cool and pretty unique, and it gives you a lot of coloring and stylizing capabilities to
work with.
Now I'm going to bring down these greens a little bit because it's a little too saturated, and I want
to finish adding our final refinement layers.
So I think overall, we can kind of make this even more tan and warm by boosting our temperature.
Now, what this is going to do is as I pull and boost up the temperature, we're going to start to go
to more of a warm summer day versus down as a more cold winter day.
OK, so we're going to reset that to zero and we're just going to boost this a little bit.
Let's see, maybe 10.
We can say that's we can see that's with the boost without with without with.
We just want to subtly give even a little bit more warmth to our image.
To really make it feel like a warm summery forest, because that is the vibe and emotion that we are
wanting to convey in the final product, the emotion, and that we're wanting our viewer to feel when
they're watching the final video.
Now, let's say that some of these shots are looking perfect and we're ready to export.
But there's a few in here that aren't really doing it.
This catches my eye because her skin tone and really a lot of this image is has a little bit of that
gray tone that we don't want when we get to the next image.
This is looking good.
OK, this one as well.
I'm really liking the exposure, the contrast and saturation.
But this first one, it's a little bit dull.
So what I'm going to do is bring out our blade tool.
I'm going to select our adjustment layer.
I'm going to cut where this clip is that we want to change.
And I'm going to leave the rest of this one, because the way this adjustment layer is affecting the
rest of these clips is perfect.
We just want to change the way it's affecting this first clip.
So I'm going to highlight the cut that we made.
And I'm going to boost some of the contrast, 15 points.
I'm going to bring up a little bit of exposure because it's looking a little bit on the darker side.
And now I'm going to bring up some of the vibrance to add more intensity to the colors in our video.
So we're bring that up 20 points, OK, very subtly, just suggesting it and now go into the next shot.
OK, that's looking a lot better.
We still want to increase a little bit on our contrast.
Which is going to make the dark's in the image darker and the bright in the image brighter.
And let's do just five more points of saturation.
Let's hit play.
Perfect, that's looking a lot better.
Now, these images all really match.
Let's see if there's any more standouts, OK?
This one is looking like it can use some more depth in the dark parts of the frame as well, because
this looks great contrast saturation.
This one's looking a little bit gray.
So let's do our same technique as we did on that first clip.
Bring out a blade tool, cut our adjustment layer selectively just above this green clip that we want
to change the parameters on.
Let's bring down some of these shadows to create a little bit more depth in the dark parts of the frame.
Let's add a little bit more saturation.
To bring up the colors in the overall image and now let's see.
OK, great.
That's looking pretty good.
Of course, I could spend more time fine tuning this, but I want to keep moving forward here so we
can get into some more important techniques.